Gwenevere Abriel: I was saying hi
Nicole Roybal: On the audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of a day. You haven't
Nicole Roybal: Not that long. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're not awake for a long
Nicole Roybal: Time. Ever since this whole I know even I haven't been quarantined like that like everything just started. I've been like so easy that I don't want to get up in the morning. It's weird because I know I don't really have much to do besides go to grandma's me right well
Gwenevere Abriel: How would you feel about starting to set some goals that are more
Gwenevere Abriel: Invested in school and in work maybe resume concepts things that have to do with kind of getting back in the world because we've got time, right, because we're kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Still on pause. So there's time and there's no real intense pressure. Nobody's saying, Hey, you got to go do this. So it's kind of
Nicole Roybal: My resume is already up to date and everything and just working. The only thing about
Nicole Roybal: working right now or just period is like I feel like everyone's going to continue to have to wear the facemask for a long time.
Nicole Roybal: And I can't, I can't work with that stupid math a little crazy. I go into the store for 10 minutes and I am like drenched my face is drenched in sweat. I cannot handle it. I don't know how the workers do it.
Nicole Roybal: I can't. I hate being hot. I can't stand being high, where can I get high.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just be let's just see how real that is are you telling me that
Gwenevere Abriel: If your parents kicked you out of the house and Daniel is not in your life, you wouldn't get it done.
Nicole Roybal: I guess I would have to but
Nicole Roybal: I know like the resources that are helping me with money right now it's just like my grandma because money for helping her out and stuff, you know, but I'm okay with money, but I don't have like money to where I could like afford my own living expenses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so just right there just noticed that. What I did was say let's talk about the future for a minute as play around with you know that that imagery that you wrote out, you know, there's the left side kind of what's present. And then there's the right side kind of what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you kind of put a mask over the whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that mask really
Gwenevere Abriel: is secondary to setting. Yeah, so you don't know that. I don't know that I heard you. But what if that's just an excuse to not
Gwenevere Abriel: Get back into your life. What if I'm on Gabba pen is an excuse or what if I want to drink is an excuse. I'm just throwing it out there just in case something like that might be happening. What do you think's really going on.
Nicole Roybal: About drinking because anytime I have worked a dream and a
Nicole Roybal: Man dial actually talking about that last night you like I'm
Nicole Roybal: Over
Nicole Roybal: I was jungle with her all the time, I was just talking to people. And so I wasn't able I do so timid and shy. If I wasn't drinking, I'd be so scared to go to the customers and ask them if they want to sample.
Nicole Roybal: I would just let them continue but when I was drinking. Oh, I'd be all over one example. One example, not caring about people and just like because the job is to interrupt. People like kind of that's what they told us.
Nicole Roybal: Right. Like it doesn't matter if you're in the middle of conversation go up and try to get the sale, but um
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. And I think because of that. And then any job after that anytime I have to interact with people. I felt that
Nicole Roybal: I was scared of who my silver self was there is
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I
Nicole Roybal: Need to drink. So I guess that is a major factor in the working again. I'm afraid of feeling you might need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay right there. Let's rewind and go into
Gwenevere Abriel: The job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of a sample server.
Gwenevere Abriel: demanded that you be very friendly that you overcome, which means ignore the fact that people really don't want to be interrupted. I know when I'm shopping. If I wanted a sample, I would go over so
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's not the right job for you. Maybe it's not this big head trip. Maybe it's just not the right job for you. And in order to do it. You have to be trunk. Do you see it's not the alcohol. It's the fact that it wasn't the right job fit.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, but I did the same thing when I worked when I was doing the medical assistant thing I was working at a kidney specialist and to
Nicole Roybal: Not be nervous and not like because they said I was too insecure and I apologize. The time I make the smallest mistake and
Nicole Roybal: There was just like on me about little things. So I was like, oh my god, I have to change my personality. I have to be this person that they want me to be so like we get really nervous and I didn't drink and then
Nicole Roybal: Okay, and then I'd be talking too much and then that was bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole, we're, we're, we picked up on that in therapy, we were
Gwenevere Abriel: We talked about it. It's not ignored. It's getting addressed in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're normally at a workplace. They might say, oh, that's Nicole, she just apologizes a lot or
Gwenevere Abriel: Your boyfriend might say, just stop right but that's not what we're doing in here. We're really slowing down and we're trying to take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: What those apologies. We're doing for you it's it's not acceptable to just call you summarily a word like insecure. I don't, I don't see that I see that those apologies. We're keeping
Gwenevere Abriel: The peace, you learn to do that very early on, it keeps people from arguing and I think you learned it. And now you just do it loose as much as you breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just automatic. You don't even think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because someone calls you insecure doesn't make it true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's. Why don't we
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we take off where we left off last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were doing something kind of big and it had a lot to do with all the things you just mentioned, believe it or not, there is connection to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because of course it has to do with you and how you see yourself what you believe in, are your core beliefs. Did you spend any more time after we had met kind of sitting with it and thinking about a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe not.
Nicole Roybal: Every time we have therapy. I'm talking about what we talked about
Nicole Roybal: The rest of the day. But honestly, right now, I cannot
Nicole Roybal: Me what we talked about last time written down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notes in front of me. So
Nicole Roybal: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've got some notes here. So let's see, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You had woken up 30 minutes ago. I've taken care of. I haven't taken care of Pena Penton
Gwenevere Abriel: spent three hours on the phone. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, broken
Gwenevere Abriel: After grip on Tuesday and towards the end, real life. Daniel only love me for my looks. I wanted to ask him a question to love me for my looks are who or who I am. And so then we went, we went into was exploring. Who are you, I said, Well who are you then do you know yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to really ask someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Do they love you for who you are. Do you even know who you are. So that was kind of that was a big conversation, it's an important one.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, actually.
Nicole Roybal: Last week okay yeah that was the week before
Nicole Roybal: But yeah, I did end up having that conversation with him and he said that he does love me for a lot of things about me like it's all my trades when I'm sober and so that he didn't like my traits when I was drinking and that's what made him fall in love with me with my silver so
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is that what is he like
Nicole Roybal: I remember exactly the words. And I want to ask me to repeat them. Can you again because I can't remember, but I don't. He said, just like that. I'm carrying that I listen to him. I'm
Nicole Roybal: Usually there for him when I'm not the one I'm not drinking. I usually well I don't know I always had a job when I was drinking, but he said that I would help them out like financially and stuff to sober like I'm more like
Nicole Roybal: Like wanting to do it can be a little more smarter, more comprehensive
Nicole Roybal: Okay, nicer about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So caring
Nicole Roybal: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a good listener you're financially reliable you he can rely on you to follow through. If you make a commitment about paying a certain bill you'll follow through. You'll keep that commitment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. It's nice. What was it like
Nicole Roybal: About me lately. NOW, I'VE BEEN SOBER continuously. You know, I noticed a lot more things that he likes about me now.
Nicole Roybal: That you didn't know before so
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this encouraging or discouraging for you to hear these things that he he likes about you.
Nicole Roybal: Encouraging actually
Nicole Roybal: Really good. And like just
Nicole Roybal: Push me like this. Remember, stay sober.
Nicole Roybal: You know, it's always in the back of my mind.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one of the reasons why if you take away this this notion of
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's stick with this topic. Let's stay here.
Nicole Roybal: And really
Gwenevere Abriel: Really do a thorough job of investigating it
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just see some of the things that you said that you kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Endorse which means you kind of like the words you saw as core values that you see in yourself. Okay. Some of them were
Gwenevere Abriel: Clever, the core values are patient's family job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, those are mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think you saw me. I am outgoing. There we go. Did you write this down. Outgoing
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Blunt
Gwenevere Abriel: About certain topics course believe, other people can be better and change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there more that you can think of without pulling up a list there really, it's likely that you've been that way since you were a little girl and
Nicole Roybal: I really
Nicole Roybal: Are you cut out when you're saying something little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let's pull away for a moment from
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm trying to get you to focus on is less about you didn't do anything wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Less on what you value.
Gwenevere Abriel: More on who you are more focus on. Who are you,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get a piece of paper. This, this might help hold on a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: might end up doing this activity in groups someday, but for now we can just do this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: 1234 kind of looks like like that I've done these targets before these circles. So see if you can write in the middle of the page. Do a circle, not too small, but it's going to have the word perception in it but but make it come try and take up the whole page. If you can
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, we
Gwenevere Abriel: Got this one.
Nicole Roybal: Cool thing and active coping or
Gwenevere Abriel: It happens to be circles, but it has nothing to do with that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to take up the whole page and you'll have
Gwenevere Abriel: 1234 lines.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: redraw it so that you can see. Let's do this first one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this together. I think the very center will wait on that one. Just a little bit. Let's do this doughnut one this one that first ring.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this one here. We're going to hold off on the center. We're not going to do that one just yet. We're just going to do this one. I want you to label that one how I want to be perceived
Gwenevere Abriel: And leave for a minute. You can write in there. But that's how you're going to label it. So this is how I'm doing it, I'm labeling it kind of like, right on the edge of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll show you like I'm labeling that like like the edge of how I want to be perceived and then I'll be able to write some words in there.
Nicole Roybal: But okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a graded assignments.
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside of that,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's label that one kind of the way I did like right up next to the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: This will be labeled
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to leave that last one in the outside empty for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's let's put some
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put some words in these two that we have so far. Once you to look at that title of that first donut how I want to be perceived once you write some words in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one in here. This first donut.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, how I want it. I'm going to do it with you. Okay, try not to filter too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: How I want to be perceived
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it with you. So I'll share mine.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, I got you. Okay, gotcha.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a good refresher.
Gwenevere Abriel: A few words for that first one
Nicole Roybal: I put responsible, respectful happy, confident, not a pushover offset the sugar.
Nicole Roybal: Content fulfilled respect. Respect myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so just make sure that what you have in there is how you want to be seen perceived how you want the outside world to view you. Yeah, yeah. Okay, great. So I put you didn't even need my example. You did such a great job. But let's play with on what was that one. Not a pushover.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm words like I can't tell what it is because I can't tell if someone's not a pushover because they are wise, they're assertive, they're confident. I can't quite tell when someone is a pushover.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are they missing.
Nicole Roybal: Like
Nicole Roybal: Like more like like you can't step all over me and like, like if you told me to do something. I'm not going to be like that. You say, jump on I'm gonna be like, how high
Nicole Roybal: Up all over me.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you know that has that
Nicole Roybal: I used to be that way before. I used to be really quiet and i was i wasn't always loud with my voice. I was always really quiet and everyone was over, talk to me.
Nicole Roybal: And I will literally be talking everyone to start talking. And I'm like, What the hell, like no one listens to me. So I really wanted my words to be validated. So I started yelling like talking loudly and
Nicole Roybal: But before that no one would pay attention to me and I just feel like everyone just walk all over me, Nikki, go do this, you will do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. So there is some words, let's try these on. So there's passive, which means
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't assert and speak up for what you want. So the opposite of passive is I believe it is assertive where you'll assert they'll ask for what you want, you'll share your opinion, is that possible, that is assertive, let's, let's take a look at that definition, see if you like it.
Nicole Roybal: I see what the web that word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I
Nicole Roybal: Think that might actually make more sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, let's take a look at it. Let's let me see what else synonyms. They've got here for that one. See if you like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: They've got I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Confident forceful self confident positive bold decisive, that means once you make up your mind. That's it. You're going to go for it, assured self assured self possessed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Self assertive authoritative strong willed insistent firm determined commanding bullish dominant. That seems a bit strong
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, those don't seem to I wouldn't have put those in there but domineering, I wouldn't have put assaulted but feisty. That's a cute word pushy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Push full never even heard of it that phrase before, but you get the idea. Is there anything kind of you like
Nicole Roybal: Like self confidence, self assertive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so write those in there because that's how you want to be seen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to take a second and see if you included
Gwenevere Abriel: How you want to be seen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then that makes sure that there's no conflict that stuff that you do right that giggle that, see, see if there's something that that serves. See if that does something for how people view you
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can't come up with it will come back to it, see if you can figure out what it is you want people to see about you and how you pull that off is with the giggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing, nothing. What
Gwenevere Abriel: Friendly friendly. Okay. You want to be viewed as friendly. Do you think when you
Nicole Roybal: People think I'm being rude and my statements. That's why I laugh I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Write it down. But friendly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see what happens. We're not going to do analysis of it. We're just going to move to the next one. As soon as your. Do you think that's a pretty good list the one you've got so far.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go to the next one, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: What I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Of me
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it all in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the words of what you think of you try not to censor it or edit it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I'm not already. I don't like this list of all
Gwenevere Abriel: The words I'm writing down
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know how to spell.
Gwenevere Abriel: That word look up that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know if you need anything, looked up.
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: May not get through this whole activity today, but that's okay, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of a big one.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: I found out my little sister.
Nicole Roybal: My baby sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old is she,
Nicole Roybal: She's 21
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Nicole Roybal: Here's my little sister. So I'm like,
Nicole Roybal: Writing down spirit. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel like you've got some stuff in there.
Might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, I noticed as I was talking with you and looking up that word I added I added some more to it so you can as they come up. You may go back in and and put more words, let's go to that outer ring and this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's label it authentic self.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's define that a little bit. Let's define it in a sense that it is the
Gwenevere Abriel: The unchanging you the you that
Gwenevere Abriel: You were born, the you that is sort of this spiritual being in a physical body, it's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can. So call it authentic self. And you probably will recognize it by going back and remembering
Gwenevere Abriel: Who you were when you were four and five years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of describe that little girl. See if you can write down some words. Try not to overanalyze it could let the let this exercise, do the work for us.
Nicole Roybal: Remember anything from that, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay well as far back as you can before. So the key is to do it before you turned about seven because at about seven we start comparing ourselves to other people.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I said in the classroom when you were five Hey everybody who's the smartest in the class, all of you guys would raise your hand. Could you all feel smart and then you realize, who's the smart one in the class. I said, Who's, who's the strongest one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's Joey It's Joey It Sarah. Sarah super so she's strong
Gwenevere Abriel: They start to compare
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to catch that age before you did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how early, you were saying that you were kind of quiet.
And shy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That again.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so go keep going back let your mind, try. It's going to be a bit of a challenge you, you have adjusted. A lot of marijuana. It's messing with your memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of keeps pruning things. But let's try. Okay. Alcohol didn't help either. So let's just see, see if you can catch some things. So just look at your page and say, well, who am I
Second,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, try that on when you were just doing you
Gwenevere Abriel: Not in reaction to someone else's opinion, not because someone wanted you to be something, but because that's just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many words.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a few
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Like I remember like settings and everything. I'm just
Nicole Roybal: Like
Nicole Roybal: Like story like experiences like so that actually happened like like remember the classrooms. I remember exactly how they look how setup. I can think of like any thing that happened to say like, okay, so I'll tell you the word I did get I got good friends because I've always like
Nicole Roybal: Okay, this one nice energetic opinionated and I feel like I was at the shoulder.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So nice high energy opinionated, but a pushover.
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And those were all the authentic self right when you were just little yeah okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more. A little bit about
Gwenevere Abriel: How you distinguish on one hand, you were opinionated and, on the other hand,
Gwenevere Abriel: You were a pushover.
Nicole Roybal: And I knew those are going to contradict themselves.
Nicole Roybal: loud, loud.
Nicole Roybal: My friend, like, you know, when the kids. Yes, or rent around and you're just like loud like that, you know, um,
Nicole Roybal: I guess I feel like my life with my mom and like my family. I was more like. When I was kid have more opinionated, like I tell them
Nicole Roybal: how I felt about the situation but like with my friends, I wouldn't. My friends, I will just be like, be quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even even very
Gwenevere Abriel: Each age five even age five, you are shy.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's distinguish
Nicole Roybal: My friends,
Nicole Roybal: Not be my friends.
Nicole Roybal: Stay quiet and even at that age. I did that because I
Nicole Roybal: Didn't want to lose my friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so look at the word push over again. So notice
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost like so if I'm a pushover.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because of something that existed before that. So let's see what comes before that so pushovers almost the effect
Gwenevere Abriel: Of who you are. So what's under what is it that you are. It makes being a pushover possible. So because you're a blah, blah, blah. You are a pushover.
Nicole Roybal: OK, so the word opinionated. Maybe I shouldn't have put that in authentic self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you did well wait, don't, don't take it out because we're different with different people.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm not sure. You want to take it out. Yeah. Because if when you were with mom and dad when you were little. And you would say, Hey, you know, that's fine. Give me that. I don't like that. If that's where you how you were in your home. Then you want to stick with it.
Nicole Roybal: Report like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture at school. So, picture, right, go ahead.
Nicole Roybal: With my friends at school and other people would have opinions. I guess I would kind of just like if my opinion, if I had my own opinion and it didn't.
Nicole Roybal: Line up with. There's, I guess I would just kind of just let their opinion, be the opinion and mine, doesn't matter because I don't want them. I don't want to start a fight over something. I don't know. Maybe I'm just trying to like put it together right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, exactly. Think
Nicole Roybal: I love their opinion.
Nicole Roybal: Mine or what they thought I
Nicole Roybal: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just see something. I wonder if pushover belong to me now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if push over
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if push over belongs in a different donut. Look at the labels again.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if it belongs
Gwenevere Abriel: Now there's there's another one that we haven't labeled by the way and it's in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's how other people see you
Gwenevere Abriel: That's perception, so you
Gwenevere Abriel: You may end up wanting to put something in there too, which we haven't done that one yet. It's that one is perception meaning. That's how you are perceived. So I'm going to put perceived by others because then I'll remember the label better
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering, where do you think now that you know that that's there. Do you think that push over
Gwenevere Abriel: Is how you wanted other people to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you did you want to be seen as were you seen as, in fact, and that would be the center where you seen as a pushover.
Nicole Roybal: I feel like yeah I don't want, I never wanted to be a pushover. I feel like I won.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that would, it would go in the middle, push over in the middle. It sounds like what you wanted was friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll just leave that like that. So maybe push over it really goes in there. And let's take out
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't know that that's really you you see it. You got to be really careful about
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that really you
Gwenevere Abriel: a pushover or
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you see a picture when you were with your friends and you saw friends you liked
Gwenevere Abriel: And you wanted to keep them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who are you as a five year old around those other kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: At home, you might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Nicole Roybal: I don't like I think I always went off of what people told me I am so when I'm kind of
Nicole Roybal: I can't I'm used to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Well, that's what this exercise does it pulls the layers away, it pulls them away. Right. That's what we're doing. So
Gwenevere Abriel: How about all share. I'll share with you mine and you'll get a sense I just did it myself. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think, I think my authentic self is because I got a picture of me as a little person right I think attention seeking affectionate needy sensitive
Gwenevere Abriel: Cautious
Gwenevere Abriel: I put uncertain and scared together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uncertain scared bossy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was bossy, because I could picture myself in gameplay. I was always like I always knew like as a boss everybody around, right, like I know what to do. I'm still doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I put playful I wherever I can find play when a crack a joke. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I forgot. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's not really young.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I think that's good. So notice my words, they're not necessarily great are they, they're not like I don't even like a lot of them. I don't really like attention seeking not thrilled with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: needy. I don't like seeing that but i think i was i think i know there's various reasons why I might have been that way but there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sensitive I was aware of my surroundings. I could feel at a very early age. Other people's feelings. I was empathetic. I was sensitive to my environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's who I am. I think today. It makes it possible for me to pick up on really subtle things with people to get makes me a good therapist. I think without it. I would suck.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm now. What do you think of your own what
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it again.
Nicole Roybal: I added to my authentic self. When I heard you say that because that I forgot about that word. Yeah, there's a different way than you meant I meant more sensitive to like
Nicole Roybal: Like my own feelings like I would get my feelings hurt real easily, but I think people would say, and I'm still like that. I still very sensitive
Gwenevere Abriel: So keep it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There because I don't know that there. I might use this, it goes both ways. It means I'm going to feel my feelings deeply
Gwenevere Abriel: I might even be able to feel your feelings deeply. So, um, and it's funny, I would. I don't even have empathy on any of these that's kind of interesting, but I'm not going to change it. Once I've made this. I'm going to step back and I'm so, so you're noticing sensitive was added.
Gwenevere Abriel: who you really are not having to compensate for what someone else wants not having to change because you perceive someone else's mirroring back of what they want none of it. This is just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we do a compare and contrast so I use the word attention seeking Did anything come up for you around that.
Nicole Roybal: Depends. But like, I'm not sure exactly like it's like half and half. Like I would seek attention by the same time, I wouldn't, I wouldn't like it wasn't ever like
Nicole Roybal: Wanting to be the center of attention. Like I never wanted like that. But I did want that when I was older, I keep going back to
Nicole Roybal: When I was
Nicole Roybal: Quiet and I started to be loud, going back to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can Can you picture maybe being little and seeing a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around you like as early as you can. Maybe she or he was, you know, preparing food. They were busy doing something, or maybe they were helping you. Maybe they were transporting you in a car. Can you picture any of that being interacting with them when you were little.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I think I have so many brothers and sisters that I would just get like Lost in the mix. So I never
Nicole Roybal: Had attention on me because attention was on everyone like any and everyone else.
Nicole Roybal: I've always told my parents and I told you this to, like, I've always felt like since I'm the middle child. I never got as much attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't think I
Nicole Roybal: would seek the attention, but I wouldn't get it so
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a word out there for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an ambivalence. It's like it's it's it contributes to this thing called reactive attachment, which means we long for it, but we don't trust it. We long for it. But will it be there. We long for it. But will it be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's this well I want it, but it won't be there for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that does that start to get closer to the experience
Nicole Roybal: No matter how I learned
Gwenevere Abriel: Am
Gwenevere Abriel: ambivalent right ambivalent. Um, let's see if there's a less fancy one that's pretty complicated to. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Miss trusting but but maybe maybe who you naturally are is notice that I went I wrote the word needy and it's that same thing you just did mind feels like I wrote the word needy and attention seeking
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's the same story you described. That's how I felt.
Gwenevere Abriel: As in, I want this thing, but it's unavailable to me and for you. It might be. I want this thing attention, but there isn't enough to go around.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not for me it's not available to me they're getting it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of like that. So let me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you, what do you think it
Nicole Roybal: I think needy. Definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it, throw it in there. See if you like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean
Nicole Roybal: I mean, I would seek the attention, but
Nicole Roybal: Not really in class, though, like in class. I wouldn't see
Nicole Roybal: Right, like whenever everyone raises their hand to answer the question, because they want to be. I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but but hold on, hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's in response to an environment. This outer ring, don't put anything unless it's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who you it's you that you were born with not to adapt to your environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just you. I know when I can picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: I I wanted something I wanted something and
Gwenevere Abriel: I put affectionate. I know I wanted you know I had it to give, I wanted to accept it. I know I wanted cuddle snuggle. I know I wanted that kind of thing. I know I'm a snuggly kind of person. I can tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about you.
Nicole Roybal: Oh yeah, definitely, but not back then I am now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, wait, let's check. Do you think you weren't snuggly because your environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you were born wanting, kind of, oh, that's a laugh. Look at that lap that labs empty, I want to hang out and want to hang out and a hug over there. Do you think naturally you are
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard to say. Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, maybe we'll come back to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the connections pretty crappy well let's we got only a couple minutes left here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you share a little bit about what this when you look at authentic self. And then you see worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I think of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how the words change.
Gwenevere Abriel: If they change how they change.
Nicole Roybal: A lot more words. What I think with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how about
Gwenevere Abriel: How you want to be perceived. What about those
Nicole Roybal: Two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there overlaps, as in
Gwenevere Abriel: Or the same words that are in how you want to be seen and who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the authentic self is who you are.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then that first full donut is
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. What do you have in there for how I want to be seen and perceived
Nothing matches side, depending. I was happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. So you're going to add happy. You think you are your core right happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like that one. I like that one, too. Me too. I'm going to put that one too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, actually I better not in order for this to work. I'm not gonna, I'm not going to add. I'm just gonna leave it alone. So I noticed I had a lot more words me see 1-234-567-8912 345 1-234-567-8910 I had 10 and how I want to be seen. But the real me the outer ring was 1234567
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't think any of them are the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: None of them are the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I am attention seeking affectionate needy sensitive playful bossy and scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do I want to be seen smart. I want to see be seen as a safe person non threatening. Those are kind of all the same thing, generous funny professional good mom analytical confident independent
Gwenevere Abriel: What you put in your
Nicole Roybal: Room. I want to be perceived
As
Nicole Roybal: I responsible, respectful happy, confident, not a pushover content build respect myself.
Nicole Roybal: self confident solve assertive friendly and smart.
Nicole Roybal: Officer, probably, same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you notice a theme about how you want to be viewed in what that what you did you notice, kind of an overarching theme.
Nicole Roybal: Confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Nicole Roybal: I noticed confidence is here a lot. Well, not a lot, but it's on how I want to be perceived then
Nicole Roybal: When I put when I put I think of me. I put in confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then out on the outer ring.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any of those words out there.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I think of me.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: authentic self. Do you have any that speak to this notion of confidence and then I gotta jump out of here and run a group
Nicole Roybal: One thing just this whole exercise itself just finding things out about myself. I'm just writing them down and knowing that I do have these traits and things about me that are good. So I think that just exercise helps a lot to
Nicole Roybal: Help me set myself a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I share my my impression of
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome. Um, can I share just a little quick impression of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, quick. I don't have time. I won't go on and on about it, but I'm really intrigued that you wrote
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of words around looking like as in my eyes looking at you that I see you as confident. Right.
Nicole Roybal: I'm listening. Sorry, this fucking stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is what alcohol was a solution for
Gwenevere Abriel: She see that
Nicole Roybal: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So finding that when you know go look at authentic self again go when you go look later on when you leave here and look at it and see if you can find
Gwenevere Abriel: Where that confidence in who you are is like really sitting with whatever those things are
Gwenevere Abriel: They're just right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be confident in those pieces, not because you thinks we want you to be a particular way. That's enough. Right there. Just those pieces way on the authentic ring.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to be anything other than that. And I think when you really sit with it. The giggle will fall away the notion that you have to be anything other than who you are at a Costco at wherever
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to change who you are to accommodate me us we. You don't have to, you're good enough, just the way you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe spending a little bit of time with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I better. I better bounce.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you
Gwenevere Abriel: In a fight. Okay.